(new age music)
We recently met with Michael St. Claire
in southern France to have a face to face discussion
about what's around the corner for the global economy.
He spoke of gold soaring above 1300 dollars an ounce
which it did a few days later.
And he says that it's now headed towards 2,000 dollars.
This is not so much to do with the value of the metal.
Rather, the decline of the value of the world's currencies.
In response to a global economic downturn,
Michael and I discussed the imperative
that each one of us choose the place we call home,
our relationships and the means of thriving
through the times ahead.
He calls it the path of living in radiant zones.
Well, finally we get to meet in person
here in Southern France.
Last time we were on Skype
and you were in Frankfurt.
And now we're in a lovely backyard
in Avignon.
It's perfect that it worked out this way
because this area, even land
imparts a certain kind of energy
that creates this wonderful kind of connection
to be able to talk about some of the more
profound things that we're moving into.
And let's just,
I would like to move into the subject
of radiant zones, ultimately.
But let's back up a little bit with the times.
A lot of people are familiar with what you did
at the beginning of the year.
Talking with George Nori in Coast to Coast
because you, as with your friend Cliff Hye,
do forecast for the times coming.
And because these are such interesting,
transformative and kind of dicey times,
if you look at it from a humanistic level,
you had a lot to say at that time.
We're ten months in now.
Can you just pick it up from here right now
in terms of some of the overarching trends
that have been playing out since you talked
to George Nori that we're looking at.
And then we'll start diving in to some depth
about the background.
Ok, well first of all it was ten months
plus a year.
It was early January, very, very early.
Opening days of 2009.
And that's ok because-
Yeah, that's right.
That was a time gap for me.
It was a year prior.
Well it is that time is playing tricks on us.
So that's the first answer.
So we're living through this time phenomena.
Like for instance, an errand that typically takes
about an hour,
can via clock time on several clocks
simultaneously be looked at,
that is really only 20 minutes.
And conversely it can also lead through the opposite
that all of a sudden time seems to expand
and we don't feel that something's moving.
So that's about this ten months plus one year.
What has happened since that we discussed
with Cliff and George Nori is
in my case I'm more into the economy
because I just like to
have people look at things that they can go out
and measure.
Because I know people like facts, proof.
That's just the way the linear mind works.
And we are now today on this equinox day,
full moon, the 22nd of September,
at the point where we are going through
1300 dollars per ounce for the gold price.
This morning was 1293.
I think this week we're going to go past 1300.
That's something I clearly explained.
That gold will become the currency.
Gold is the currency of the world.
That's one of the things that has now happened.
Towards the end of 2010.
And at that time unto the beginning of 2009,
where was it?
Was it still hovering, six, seven, eight hundred something?
Oh, then it was around 900.
It was up to nine?
The structure I think in the eight, nine hundreds.
For about a good year,
we actually gone through a thousand two times.
And the other expert, James Sinclair,
had very precisely predicted that it would knock
three times at the door of 1,000.
And on the third attempt,
which was in September of last year,
exactly a year ago,
that would be the final moment.
From then on, it would never go back
down below 1,000.
And really, 1250 was kind of
a threshold at which things were really
going to shift economically on a profound level.
And so explain that to us now
because we can go into a lot of the esoteric factors
behind the times.
But right now, it's affecting everybody
in their own home.
The economy is affecting everyone.
So I agree with you, it's a very practical place to go.
So let's talk about this threshold being passed now,
1300 with gold.
What's this really mean?
Ok, what it means apart from the funny numbers is,
lemme say quickly something first.
When in 1913, the federal reserve was created,
which is merely a club of international
global banking families,
you have the dollar at some place.
But that was a takeover of all of the currencies.
And now 97 years later, the currency is worse
maybe about 3%.
So one could say that in average,
per one year, one percent of the currency gets lost.
And normally one says among experts
the currency does not last more than,
say two Saturn cycles, 60, 70 years maximum,
so 90, 100 year cycle for currency
is already an artificial occurence.
So to answer the question, it means
we're seeing that when gold hits 1300, 1600
in January of 2011,
that the currencies have no more value.
So what people must understand is that
the price of gold is not the value of gold.
So this figure that one looks at
does not mean that gold goes up.
Gold is just gold.
What one reads is how the currencies are disintegrating.
So the higher that price level is,
the lower the confidence in all the currencies is.
And that's not just dollar, that's also euro.
That's actually compared to any currency in the world,
gold wins.
But this threshold that you're talking about,
as you say, it goes through two Saturnian cycles normally,
and we're already another Saturnian cycle beyond that.
And it would seem, even with the price of gold as it is,
because we've been hearing for the last tow or three years
that gold should've been over 2000 realistically,
if you're looking at the actual value of the currencies
of the world.
The currencies of the world are just being manipulated.
Yes, of course they are manipulated.
Actually gold would be at 2,200 now
just based on inflation of 1980.
The actual value is 2,200.
And it will get there very quickly.
Again, in the streets, practical level.
Wall Street and beyond City of London and beyond.
How long can the players that are playing
continue to artificially manipulate all of this?
I thought it would have been kinda over with
a year or so ago.
That's a very good question
and I don't understand it either.
I have asked many experts and we just
really always speechless.
You are right, it should have stopped a year ago.
And so I cannot answer it.
If I would say, well in a year it would be over,
I may be proven wrong.
And I don't know also how they do this.
This is beyond me.
But we're just glad to see the gold
is getting to the real value.
And we know that,
not only with Cliff Heibert,
with all the friends.
I know that this game is, astrologically speaking,
up by let's say 2020 at the very latest.
I have a tendency to look at larger cycles,
born with Saturn and Capricorn,
so I see more the long count.
And in ten years, this game is definitely over.
And some are saying maybe in two years.
So it's somewhere in there.
And I think we should not get hung up on these
timing things.
That has to do with what I said in the beginning
about how we actually experience time.
We should just keep our eye on the ball
of what we are doing.
Always be focused on us,
on what we do with our lives, with our work.
Careers, what we are about,
and not look outside and figure surprises.
Just don't look outside so much.
Look in yourself and act from inside.
And on that note,
could it be,
and this is what we'll get into in a moment,
is external forces that have been manipulating,
interfering, and also helping humanity
from the very beginning of humanity.
Is it possible that in some bizzare way,
the manipulation of these currencies,
slowing down this process while at the same time,
the expansion of awareness and knowledge
is growing very rapidly,
is actually creating some kind of grace
and some kind of buffer for people
to be able to respond or prepare?
Well said, I completely agree with that.
I just discussed this this morning with a friend.
And that's what I feel.
We are given almost like a last chance
to catch up internally by awareness,
intellectually at the linear mind.
But also psychically retune ourselves into the guidance
that we have.
That's exactly right.
We're probably given another additional year
to two years
to really grasp what it's about.
And the economy is of course
a very important outside factor
because that affects our life
for everything that we do.
There are other things that we have
a few more moments in time to catch up with.
Climate changes, weather changes,
what this all means in practical terms for us.
And I often say things could already be now
much worse.
When followed down these timelines
that Cliff and I were talking about.
I'm positively surprised to see
that it's not at all as bad as it could've been.
This is why I know, forward to the other point
that we do have a guidance
or actually beings of force, a presence.
There is a presence that helps us
to at least mitigate what's going on.
And at best actually take initiatives.
So there is a presence making sure,
to say it in a simple way,
that things are not as bad as it could be.
For instance, the gulf spill.
I think it would have been a complete disaster.
And of course I can't prove it
but I think something else intervened
to make it less of a catastrophe.
Well certainly on a number of levels
it seems to be a mystery.
That certain aspects of it are clearing
as quickly as it is.
I mean there's still the devastation,
There's still health issues along the gulf coast
states and so forth.
It's not good,
but as you say, again,
it could have been even more devastating.
And while at one time you're looking at some motives
or agendas of the beings that are manipulating
the moneys and the markets for their own benefit,
I mean they think that yes, we've got this.
We've got a little more time to operate.
They're actually the ones that are helping create
the time for everybody else to operate
and prepare as well.
Inadvertently.
I mean, I love that.
I love it when you get kind of
a secondary passed on benefit. (laughing)
I love this kind of thing.
It's like getting a second reality.
That's right.
I strongly believe that there is a presence.
I mean, I know, I should say.
I know there is a presence that helps us
become aware, first of all,
of what's going on.
That's just already the best thing.
We can always be aware of it.
Once we're aware, I think we can then,
we have the solutions right away.
So let's talk about,
during this period of time that we have,
this grace period.
Another, whatever the length of time is we have
to start reconsidering economies,
reconsidering what has value
and what doesn't.
This is where a lot of your work starts coming in now
is the consciousness that needs to be seeded
to create the next evolution.
You call them radiant zones.
You can go down any pathway to get to that.
But please, from here, explain
how it's best to utilize this time
perception-wise and otherwise, practically.
Ok, the term radiant zones to me
means simply that we are, you, I,
we are a radiant zone from inside.
And then people who studied my work
will see, of course everybody wants to see the outside.
And they see the radiant zones as a geographical place
where we have our self sustained life
and are self organized, et cetera.
But the radiant zone is an internal state of mind
or state of being.
And we have this time, like I said,
maybe two years, 2012, 2013, about there,
to get ready.
By getting ready, I mean internally getting ready first.
Once we're internally ready,
meaning we're able to connect with the guidance,
have a dialog with these beings with ourselves,
getting ready maybe with friends or same wavelengths
to create networks.
It's very important that we're networked.
Which means I am not for being organized.
I say this often to clients and friends.
I don't want to see a new organization.
We're not reorganizing humanity.
That was tried over and over for tens of thousands of years
and we know where that leads.
But it's to get internally ready,
create networks, create this awareness.
And then of course use the time on a practical level
to make certain preparations.
Because the climate changes are real.
All these things are happening
and at any time there can be quakes,
situations with weather, et cetera.
And that is happening.
That is realistically the case.
And at any moment your outside circumstances
can, literally overnight,go upside down.
So you do need to get physically ready at a certain level.
As well as mentally, as well as you know, emotionally,
internally getting ready.
Cliff Hye talks about this.
You and Cliff are great friends.
Yeah, we're still refining ourselves.
Yes, I understand what you're saying
about the networks.
It's really something that has to be
almost organic in nature.
Right, organic.
Not controlled, no president,
vice president, secretary. (laughing)
Just an organic coming together of thought,
and purpose and so forth, right?
Yes, and that happens organically.
It just happens or it does not happen.
It depends on how you're tuned in to the,
the guidance, the presence.
I prefer the term the presence.
So this brings me to Cliff Hye,
because you're great friends, and also
you compare your own perceptions
and his work with web bots and so forth.
This earth change thing comes up a lot
for both of you.
This is something that I think
anyone paying attention and the least
understands that the weather patterns
have been upside down in 2010.
Yeah, so that's obviously-
And earthquake activity
looking at this already for ten years at the least.
He has been looking at it even longer than I did.
In a written manner that can be proven.
And he's correct on the overall trend.
The only thing that one has to understand,
and I've studied for years and years
so I know how to read it.
Most people have gone to this later
and they look at it again in a sort of a
perceptional way into the phenomenon.
And they don't think further.
But he says clearly
that his method does not mean
it's going to be like it's written.
And it's also not his opinion that he writes.
People have to discern better, make a distinction.
And he also says that he's about correct half of the time.
And anyway it's not about being correct either.
It's just, we're measuring the trends.
Of course we're comparing notes.
I do it via astrology.
And he's oftentimes said, if astrology's correct,
and he's reading off the words,
so either bots must be correct and kind of vice versa.
And he also says, and that's the most important point
why I always talk about longer terms.
He talks about four generations.
That's one whole cycle, 84 years,
a hundred years maybe.
We're looking at longer cycles.
Although we speak and write about
always these short term increments of
a few months, a year, two years.
I personally prefer to take the longer term.
We have to see where we fit into all of this.
Otherwise we get again ourselves hung up
on small term thinking.
And I don't find this useful for us.
So on the whole, I agree with him.
However, I would say, things tend to not
pan out as intensely as he reads in his reports.
So how would you read it right now?
When we're looking at this scenario of earth changes
over the next few years?
Yeah so I would say that,
like I said in the beginning that was this presence
and the guidance we are given
a number of chances.
And this presence is also in some way
making sure that it doesn't turn out as bad as it could.
We are on a not good path.
And that's fact.
I'm trying here to be polite and so on
but we are down a very slippery slope
and it's not gonna end very well for some.
The weather patters, the climate,
all the things, the phenomenology,
the things that we can touch, see, measure.
They don't look very good.
There are other things where we have more influence.
And that has to do with what we do about ourselves.
Not in a sense of how we react to what's going to happen
outside, but how we are internally predisposed
to deal with what's going on.
And that is almost an energetic work.
Where we could become energy workers.
We work with the energy,. with ourselves,
with other's energies.
And then the events, the actual
point by point events, trends and happenings
are irrelevant.
This is why maybe my line of thought
and Cliff's are a little bit different.
But I say at the end of the day,
all these human affairs, economic,
political things are absolutely irrelevant.
And I always say to my clients and friends,
just really focus on you and not out there.
Sure, we use the out there as time markers,
as sort of goal posts.
We'll say ok when that red stick comes
you take a left turn and over there
we're gonna come to blue stick and take a right turn.
When these markers indeed happen,
we know, we're more or less on the path
that we have designed.
And you know this could change overnight.
So I'm very self-critical in the sense
that I'm prepared to know that I'm wake up
tomorrow morning and everything's upside down
and not at all the way that I thought.
And I want to say this to people.
Please be aware that it could just
from one day to the next, be completely different
than yourself, with your best training
thought you knew it would be.
Be ready for that.
That's also gonna be part of the big changes.
So much is in reality of a completely different kind.
Yes.
And you're not into, 2012,
that's not what you're talking about here.
This is,
this 2012 phenomena, I think you feel
that it's really more hype than phenomena
and has been misinterpreted by many of the people
that speak of 2012 right now.
You're saying this is not apocalyptic in nature.
We're talking about a serious shift, transition.
Wake up call, yes.
It's just a place to move through, though.
That's right.
I think 2012 is to a large degree
a disinformation campaign.
Like a psychological operation.
It's a test of the powers that think that be.
How they can play with the minds of the people.
To create more fear.
And to, all of it.
To create more fear, to also
test out what kinds of thought schools
they can implement.
It's a large scale test.
From there you point to some degree.
And you will see in 2013 if time still moves on
as time has gone so far.
But I said, maybe time takes
a completely different function
and a totally different way of interrelating with it.
But anyway, for the argument's sake,
when we are say in middle of 2013,
say less than three years from now.
And we will sit together.
I'm pretty sure we'll see that
not much of all of these scenarios of 2012
will have happened.
And then maybe we'll have understood something.
Ok, but I am saying in addition to this,
we have to look a little longer term.
Because I do this as an astrologist.
So I look at the marker that is 2020, 21.
It's actually in January of 21.
When Saturn, Jupiter and on and on
meet with pluto and move on to Aquarius.
It is at that point that an economical cycle
has ended and a new one begins.
And it's at that point that also
Earth's crust shifts, weather changes,
like really important climate situations
could take a completely new turn.
So it's not necessarily during the next two years.
Not that nothing is happening,
It's all part of the transition period.
A development.
It's a longer term process that on the whole
will take any way 40 to a hundred years more or less.
I'm just looking into the next decade
to make it simple.
And 2020, 21 is a clear marker because of Saturn
and Pluto together in Capricorn.
So that's measurable and one can look back in time
on what used to happen under similar alignments.
There's never the same alignment
but similar ones can be compared.
That alignment coming in 2020 would be similar
to say,
when United States was formed.
Or when industrial revolution
and other revolution started.
That's the kind of time revolution we look at.
I mean, we are going to new technologies
of the mind, mainly.
And into new networks, et cetera.
And also have more the interest that I follow.
I know that Cliff is also into that.
Many of my friends.
That's where we are at
in our inquiry, if you want.
I find it interesting
that the 2012 scenario, the way it's
being portrayed right now,
is almost a direct overlay with the Christian
Fundamentalist Apoclayptic scenarios.
It's like one is boosting the other.
I mean if you drive through Southern california for example
out in the desert,
it's predominantly Christian based radio stations.
And for the last two or three years, you go through
and you pick up this signal.
And that's really interesting because
you have the preachers talking about
apocalyptic scenarios to their listeners.
I mean, they're really pumping it, pumping it.
But if you listen to 2012, it's being pumped
exactly the same way.
And one would have to say, if you really went
to the roots of control,
these are probably controlled by the,
certain of these conceptions are controlled
by some of the same types of entities.
Of course.
There is at the top of this
whatever intellectual pyramid,
the same overmind that controls all the others.
And they are not aware
that they are being conditioned.
Or rather that they have been conditioned
for maybe hundreds or thousands of years.
And that's where people have to really
take time out for a moment to think about these things.
Up to what degree are we all completely conditioned
in our thinking?
And yes 2012 is no different from the y2k stories.
It's the same stuff.
And by the way, after 2012, and this is then all over.
In 2013, I'm sure there'll be a new school of thought
coming with a new idea of what the solar system
is in trouble for, et cetera.
That's a story, by the way, that one can,
and I've done this proof in history documented
of about two and a half thousand years
of written down historical documents.
That it was only this one thing.
It's the history of the apocalypse.
The documentation of how mankind,
the human mind busies itself
discussing when the world will end.
Seriously, there's a written history about this
and it's a very long history.
Now I'm not saying that 12,000 years ago
or 26,000 years ago there may not have been
huge apocalyptic events.
Oh, yeah.
Evidence certainly suggests there were, yes.
During the last two and a half thousand years,
mankind has been in this mode of asking itself,
in the next hundred years, in the next 50 years,
this and this is gonna happen.
Think about that.
This is ongoing trauma that sits deep
in the genetics of mankind.
Supposedly John the Baptist
used to go on about it.
That's right. (laughing)
In biblical times, they were waiting
for the end of times just like the followers are
right now.
So if we go to,
now a little more subtle level.
But I think really, this is where a lot of it
is playing out.
We're talking about major shifts
in magnetism.
Yes, that's what it's about.
And we're talking about
also these, you can say, dimensional
or sub-dimensional, depending on how one terms it,
vibrational shifts in energy of the planet itself.
And this really seems to me
that it has to trump any and all other interference
that could be going on.
And any other kind of gameplan
that we might try to lay out individually,
magnetism is huge.
And I noticed in your book,
you wrote here that,
this is I think, by Calumon,
that October 28th 2011 is when he's expecting
there to be a shift in magnetism.
And let's talk about megnetism,
we can talk about that date.
Here's the theory.
And why this really trumps everything else.
Yes.
Ok, I have to say I'm not an expert
in these scientific magnetic things.
Although I study and I try to teach myself,
these are all tools I'm refining.
The way I understand it is more like
we're going through a shift and the shift
is going through us genetically.
Simply said.
What Calumon is saying, and I agree with him.
I just look at it as a Western Astrologer.
I can also use Eastern Astrology or line of sight,
see the real astrology doesn't matter.
Vedic or, it's just a measeurement of the planets
and their alignments to each other, et cetera.
What he is saying is that at the end of October
of 2011, is the beginning of the end cycle.
And that the end of 2012 is sort of the visible ending
of the ending, in a very simple crude way.
And when he's saying ending,
he's saying ending of a magnetic cycle?
Well, what he's saying,
he's saying two very important things.
If I can summarize him and speak for him.
I don't know him, but
he's saying,
first of all, he's saying the Mayans have never said
that 2012 or end of 2012 is the end of mankind
or the end of a calendar also.
Noone is saying that.
In fact they said don't even speak about an end.
No they don't say about ending.
On the contrary, this is when the new world tree
or the new father begins.
They speak of something new.
And this is where I say,
this is where the human mind is totally misguided.
Because we're trying to understand what these sages
tens of thousands of years ago, whatever,
had supposedly written down.
But they didn't really write down anything.
They're just some stone inscription left over.
And the other thing I say is that we cannot go
into the unknown by a means of the known.
Yeah as the Krista Merti.
That's it, Krsihnamurti.
So if we look at rocks and stones and inscriptions,
we look at something known.
And with that known, we're not gonna go there
where we're supposed to go in in a fearless manner.
And then what Calumon is also saying
is that essentially that
in that time zone, October November of 2011,
so going into 2012.
What we would notice if anything
and here I'm paraphrasing him.
Is that we would feel an ending of time.
Which is another Krishnamurti way of saying things.
In other words, we would go from mechanistic clock time
into some sort of quantum time
if that makes any sense.
And I think we're seeing this happen already.
Like these stories we were discussing
about that an errand that is typically taking an hour
seems by clock time to happen in twenty minutes
or vice versa.
Time expands.
So these shiftings of the perception of time
which Cliif Hye calls hyperchronism,
they are for real.
We can measure them, look at them.
And so we're on our way through that gate
of timelessness.
I believe that that's what Calumon means.
Was October of 2011.
It would make sense
because magnetism, vibrational frequencies,
dimensional shifts,
that all changes time.
It's all, puts time into a new perception.
Yes.
And via astrology, If I can make quick bracket,
when you look at Uranus now going into aries
for the next seven years,
Uranus will be constantly in a 90 degree square
for about five years at the least
to Pluto and Capricorn.
And both these positions have a lot to do
with the notions of timing and breaking through
energies and magnetism, et cetera.
Of course they have mirror effects on other things,
in worldly affairs.
But that would be about the most important thing
is the shifting of the notions of reality.
Perceptions of reality and time.
Of which time is just one part.
Recently I did an interview
with Jose Arguelles who takes about
time as you know.
And one of the things that came up in our conversation
which will get us into this next area
I'd like to talk about,
is that ,
in a nutshell, he was saying,
that when the Gregorian calendar was introduced
via the Sumerian times,
this is a artificial construct of time.
It's out of sync with natural cycles and rythms of nature
which puts humanity in a perpetual sense
of unease or disconnect from natural rythms of all kinds.
Yes, that's right.
And he said the Mayan calendar
was introduced,
these are both off-planet cultures he's talking about.
One species introduced the Gregorian calendar
to put us out of sync with ourselves.
The others introduced through the Mayan calendar
through the Mayans the calendar
that would go back in harmony with natural
cycles and rythms.
And it would be done at a time so that right now,
when it mattered, when time was going to change,
we could reassess what time is
and throw out the old system of time.
Literally throw it over for a natural sense of time again.
Natural cycles, natural rhythmic type of time again,
much more organic.
But the point is, he was saying,
your'e talking about two different species
who introduced the two different times
which play our right now.
The confluence of those times is now.
So let's go into those species.
Now your connection has been with the Nordic
type beings.
We've heard other people talk about other beings
even with references toward a more reptilian
kind of survivalist nature and controlling nature.
Can you talk about the spectrum of beings
from the origins of mankind to the best that you choose to
or can?
Ok, this is a huge subject.
I know, It's huge.
But it's one that is coming up in little bits and pieces
enough that it needs a better overlay.
I think that the basis now in 2010, 11
is that those who really want to become more knowledgeable
about this,
they should look into Anton Parks.
He's I believe a Belgian author.
He writes in French and his book are so far
not been translated in English.
So let's go to the next level.
have a bit of an advantage.
Anyway, to quickly sum up his story,
he explains in huge books this size,
three books of them.
What he feels went on
from the night of time forward.
And you can't sum this up.
However, there is an author, scientist rather
that I have spoken about a few times,
Dr. Jerry Zeitlin.
And his website openseti.org.
He sums up and goes into the work of Anton Parks
so if you want to
go into these subjects of what kinds of
races and from what kinds of star systems they came,
where their homeplanets or home areas
in the cosmos was,
that's where to find that whole discussion.
And that was discerned through linguistics?
Say again?
That was discerned through linguistics?
Through linguistics, also, yes.
So Anton Parks was given, crudely summed up,
a language that is, if I understand this correctly,
pre- Sumerian.
I look at these things differently, to answer your question
in the way that, I can't answer for other races
and I don't know in that sense, races very well.
I have a contact or connection with what I would call
and energy signature
that I know is Nordic.
And they do not,
and I ask them all these questions.
Constantly I did ask them when I wrote my books.
And they've kind of trained me
to understand what I need to know.
After all, I have still this military background
from a young age.
And do you know that, we tell you what you need to know.
What you have to know now, you deal with that.
I see these other questions are interesting
but actually irrelevant to what needs to be done now
so I'm answering what I'm comfortable to answer
in a sense of what I know.
And if I go on and speculate about races,
then I'm not really of much use.
The Nordics to me are like a guidance in the sense,
that is very practical.
In that sense they never fail.
It's only I who can fail myself.
If they say, we suggest you look at this
or read that.
They try to teach me to teach myself.
They're not telling me what to do.
This is why I know they're proper guides.
See and that's how I try to talk to people.
To make them figure it out themselves.
That's the only way you become of use to yourself.
Because otherwise, we again in this beggar position
where we ask an altar authority
to tell us what to do, and that's wrong.
That's fundamentally, exactly not what we want to do.
And this is how you, to answer the question inherent,
this is how you know if this is a positive beneficial
or not so good contact.
That's the criteria.
Well the reason I'm sitting here
just kind of laughing inside, chuckling inside
is because the beings that I speak to
tell me the same thing.
This is not practical, we don't need to tell you this
at this time because it's not practical
to what you're working on and what you're learning
and what you're doing.
And so I'm always curious because
it's the same thing.
I can ascertain a certain amount by myself.
Yes, and it's also hugely complex.
It's hugely complex.
Millions of human years or whatever back.
Billions, perhaps.
Billions of years.
So I thought, well I'll cheat.
I'll see if you know them (laughing)
We'll use your guides or Cliff guides,
Cliff's guides or someone to complete this.
But I think that's probably wise
to direct people to Jerry Zeitlin.
Jerry Zeitlin.
Z-e-I-t-l-I-n.
Ok.
And the reason I brought it up
is because now there are many different authors
and people doing archaeological research
that are beginning to talk about the genetically
engineered origins of mankind.
And there are people that are starting to
really become aware of this knowledge.
But it's just being tossed out in little crumbs
and bits and pieces.
And yes it's up to everybody to have to go
on that journey.
Figure as much out as you can for yourself.
But I suppose for expediency's sake,
it's nice if there is,
a couple, two or three overarching stories
to start tying this together before anyone
follows the breadcrumbs down a road
that really is non-productive or frightening.
It's also in my sense of,
you know, I'm sort of a time expert,
for lack of a better word.
I don't like to go back in time,
to make it blunt quickly.
I don't think that by going into the past,
we'll understand our future.
In a very blunt way, to say this bluntly.
I think we're going to figure this out
by going forward.
I'm not saying we shouldn't know what was in the past.
That's not what I'm trying to say.
But I know we don't have so much clock time left
to get a very serious grip on how we have to be ready now
for what's coming.
And there's some really good stuff coming.
Let's talk about the good stuff.
And also talk about resources and how to
reevaluate what is of value anymore.
Because that system's,
that's changing very rapidly.
That's well said.
That's what we have to figure out,
is what is now really of value or not.
And that's what gold shows us
or what the whole turning upside down
of the economic cycles is showing us in the next ten years.
I feel that what is of value is going to be relationships,
networks,
and the ability together to create a whole new existence.
I call this adjust an existence.
A new reality.
And there are no rules to this or no criteria
other than to be productive.
What's coming towards us are going to be
new technologies, of the mind primarily.
We are the new technology.
Or our mind is at the best of levels.
Which means time travel, which means
so many thing, new healing methods.
Of course new energies, new mathematics,
new sciences, all that stuff
is actually within us, it exists.
And we have to tap into this, open this up.
And with this we're going to create
the real new future.
New cities, new everything.
That's what this is about now.
So what this is about is that we
in our self, in our own inner self, the mind,
the viewing, the visions, whatever we can muster,
go into our new technologies.
Because our mind is the new technology.
In that field, we are going to find new medicine,
new healing methods, new energies of course,
new mathematics, new physics, all these great things
with which, those are old tools by the way like a pen.
Those are only tools.
With those we will create the new future on this planet
which is self-sustained, self-organized, self-responsible,
new architecture, new cities will come up.
Like the guy who does the Venus projects
These kinds of things.
It's very important to make a quick bracket
that I say when we go through these times
that may sound survivalist which I don't like at all.
I'm not going backwards and live like the stone age.
I want to look forward and live in the really good times
where we have magnetic levitation.
Where we actually no longer have to travel
by planes or cars.
Where we travel by time travel.
Where everything is telepathic.
Where we live like the Nordics do.
Where we may even perhaps no longer need our form
in the sense that we can astral travel.
We can do a hundred million other things
that we can at the moment just dream of
like it was science fiction.
But it is real.
And that's what I'm talking about.
And that's what the next ten years of preparations
are about.
And within about maybe 50 to 80 years,
we'll check of the list of this checklist.
A few good markers where we get to a new
positive world.
That's what James Wingmaker I believe
has that portal for the shifting of consciousness
about 70 years out also.
That's right.
He has that too, James speaks of
about that timeframe.
Cliff sees in much further out reports
via linguistics.
80 to 84 years which is exaclty one Uranus cycle.
Mhmm, Uranus cycle.
Yes, Uranus cycle.
Now in Aries, which is really the new beginning
of the new beginning, right now in 2010, 11
would bring us, 84 years later
back into Aries.
At the next level of the beginning.
At the next level of the next beginning.
And so these are actually positive stories
that begin in ourselves.
And they only are going to happen for real
when we have this complete mutation of the mind
happening which is this big subject that Krishnamurti
spent his whole life teaching about.
That's where we have to go into.
And that's why the job begins in ourselves.
And that's why I say it's not a matter of looking outside
for authority solutions.
We have to go inside.
And it's beginning to show itself already
even the last two to three decades where
people are beginning to understand things as simple,
because a lot of it just starts right at home in the body,
energy technologies for healing each other,
for healing the self.
Which was really, very new.
It was reintroduced into mankind.
But it's a glimpse of what we'll be doing in the future.
Just a glimpse of what we'll all be doing in the future.
Just see that one can use the mind for healing.
Something as simple as healing.
But let's extend it beyond that.
As you said, you're talking about time travel.
Which many people can do now,
it's called remote viewing.
Remote viewing is time travel.
You sit home, and you go forward, you go backwards
and other places.
And so, that's already beginning and showing itself.
What are some of the other technologies,
mind technologies that you're seeing beginning
to show themselves already?
So we can all look to that as our future.
Ok, the one thing I'm personally interested in
because I'm a little bit in the business of communication
as well,
is that we will be able, via telepathy
and possibly via crystal slates
or instruments based on crystal
because we are crystals inside at the pineal gland level.
Crystals all around in cosmos.
We'll be able to use an instrument
where we no longer have to type and be slow.
Slow down like we are now with computers.
Or where maybe cameras or watches.
Just simple tools will be built with new materials
that are all based on telepathy
if that makes any sense.
It makes total sense.
I don't know how to do.
Otherwise I would invent it and show.
I have however beginnings of designs
that are sometimes given to me
in what people call dreams.
But they aren't real dreams.
I know that they take me someplace.
And it sometimes show me stuff.
When I want.
It's at that practical level that I'm interested in.
You see when I ask them for instance about politics
or economy, they kind of stop.
Well, they just go silent
until I figure out that's not the correct question.
I'm supposed to ask the impossible questions.
So I ask what these things that you're asking me now.
And that's interesting.
I'm being shown new communication technologies to answer it.
New means, tools, crystals,
materials and also new ways of thinking
these communications into being.
And eventually we'll do this just telepathically
with each other.
And then, when we can do that,
we'll also be doing it among other races.
And among much bigger space.
That's when it gets really interesting.
Yes.
Very recently in Vancouver, a few months ago,
two or three months ago.
I was at a conference, Barbara Marx-Hubbard
and many other people, Andrew Harvey,
people we have on the site were speaking
and we were taken by another person
into a meditation into the future.
And everybody was left to just see it.
And that's exactly where I found myself.
I was in a dome shaped building that could be moved.
Dome.
And I was sitting in front of a computer screen.
And on the computer screen,
I had telepathically sent a message to a friend
on the other side of the planet.
And that friend popped up on the computer screen.
Everything was telepathically linked.
And also the other thing that I saw in that
was there were beings from other off-planet cultures
working peacefully alongside human beings.
That's right.
But they were not afraid to be here.
I mean they were here physically.
But it was very peaceful.
All technologies were done in cooperation.
There were no more boundaries or borders between countries
because the ease of levitational travel was just poof,
you could be where you needed to be so quickly.
It was just what you were talking about.
Where you no longer need the problematic issues
of translating the words and stuff like that.
It was so smooth and beautiful.
You may see this still.
In our lifetime?
I think so, yes.
I want to see this.
I would love to see that in our lifetime.
I'm sure this is being worked on.
And you're quite right when you say
that some beings can take form if they have to
for a moment.
And they are around us,
Oh yeah, they're here all the time.
This is at some level going on.
But this is, in the future, open.
It was open, there was no more of that.
We were communicating between species.
We are all working cosmically and consciously
together.
It was really quite a lovely scene.
And in addition, the dome was movable.
And I had placed it in a place of the world
that had the exact herbs and nutrients
my being needed at that moment.
But it could change and you could move
to another place.
That's right.
That's the other issue I'm more into
which one could call healing
or not medicine, it's not a good word to use.
I'm not allowed to advise people practicing health much
but I know that for myself I was able
to teach myself what kinds of plants you need.
So this is really important, right now,
to learn this?
Right now this is something people should look into.
I think everyone should be their own doctor.
Essentially.
Everyone should have at least rudimentary level
of knowing about plants.
And I have to say that not everything works
for everybody.
That's why each one need to try out for himself or herself
what kinds of plants you use to take care of
whatever you need to be taken care of.
And you're right that these plants may change
maybe shifted over time.
And that it has to be mobile, everything
so we can take it with us, et cetera.
That's another whole field of what I would call
technology.
The healing via plants and also the nutrition.
Like for instance if things get really bad for a moment.
If like, climactic change has happened
that make it impossible for a while to eat normally.
Then for instance, I know for myself,
I don't know with others but I know that wheatgrass
does the job.
Those are little things.
My book is full of these little checklist things
but that's typically now what I would call
the byproduct of Nordic education.
That's simple stuff.
It's simple stuff but that's where we need
to begin.
Everybody needs to learn.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's a beginning place for all of us.
To start looking at the practical list of resources
as you say.
Checking off the list of things we need to consider
to move through this time in a way
in which we don't have to panic.
And which we can still have the ease to open the mind
unto new areas.
That's the point, not to be panicky, like you said.
They will come.
That's what I meant about this internal preparation.
Which is the refining, but which is also a lot of learning.
There has to go, energy has to go into
learning a lot of stuff that we have not been taught.
And we have a bit more time to learn all this.
And some of it we will need.
So I have to repeat.
Maybe uncomfortable for a moment,
for about 10 years.
You know this whole planetary realm is changing over
a 50, 80 to 120 year time.
It's a long passage of changes, of transformations.
Most people think in these short timespans
and that's just not the way it works.
So you have to be
in the knowledge knowing that you'll be patient
and go through this but positively.
Any final thoughts,
because we're, I know we're just about out of time
and the church bell's going to ring in just a moment.
(laughing)
The time marker.
Well, I feel what's important is that
you watch this in tune with yourself
and begin to network.
Locally, in walking distance to begin with.
And then because you may not have a car.
You may not be able to move far for a while.
But maybe everything will be ok.
You have to think defensively first
and from there, network.
And then continue to network globally,
internatioinally.
I do not feel that the internet is going down.
To answer that non asked question,
I believe that things will still be ok.
Or if things go very bad,
we'll immediately have another technology coming up
that's probably ready.
And I feel
on the most practical level, you must be able to create
your own economy.
In other words, whatever your skills are,
whatever your knowledge is, practice that.
Refine it and become the best at what you are,
be the best at what you're doing
and create networks that can
create an economy that you are ok,
that you can do well and that you can thrive.
And not for surviving.
It's not about surviving.
Social credit, I think it's called in some places
in England.
That's a good word.
That's wonderful.
Very good.
Well, Michael, I'm so glad we had a chance
to finally get together.
You too, thank you very much.
And thank you very much for your time
and for driving, well five hours to see us.
That's ok.
(laughing) That was fun.
Thank you very much.
Michael has written a synopsis of what lies ahead
in a very succinct little book called "The St.Clair Brief"
which I reccomend reading.
It's realistic, broad-reaching and practical
as a guide to the near future.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.